Master Bai, you are finally here
Master Bai, hurry up and arrange this
The big boy is driven out
Xiao Liang and Chen Tianshi are dying
Hurry up and have a look.
What? How is that possible?
Oh, I see.
Did you not hear the bridge?
I said Chen Dishi is dying
I said I got it.
I told him there was a problem with the shift
He didn't listen and came to me now that there was a problem
Hmm late
Hey bro
How can I talk to Master Bai?
We misunderstood you.
I think you're right.
Angel Chen really found something unclean
Go and have a look
Conditions are up to you
No, I can't leave yet.
Why do they both still owe me a broken one?
Isn't it just a small shop?
With me around, they dare not break their promise
What other requirements are there?
One for each.
Put it in my mouth
Bridge you are bold
Also integrate into me
I would rather die than eat him than eat him
You dare to be really on the line now
Your effectiveness makes you honored
Just eat a sock for me to eat
Eat my waste if it tastes good, remember
Today I am giving face to Chen Tianshi
Instead of you trash
Let's eat this bowl
Eat it for me and stuff it in
Satisfied, okay?
Put him back in the ocean
He doesn't belong here.
The bridge, the mermaid, fills a void in history.
The commercial value is at least tens of billions
Let it go.
OK, let's get up there.
The angel is still waiting